Use user's background color for render timer (#4121)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

- Cursors are now inverted when their fixed color is similar to the cell's background
- Use working directory of active process instead of shell for SpawnNewInstance action
- Fallback to normal underline for unsupported underline types in `CSI 4 : ? m` escapes

> - The foreground color for debug.render_timer is now matches user's background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user's background color is now used as the foreground for the render timer
```

There's actually a typo in this commit message `is now matches`. I think rephrasing it a bit is beneficial.
